# Introduction
BME680 sensors (Bosch Sensortec, Reutlingen, Germany) are connected to a computer (Raspberry pi 3 Model B, Raspberry Pi Foundation, Cambridge, United Kingdom) and interfaced using the I2C (NXP Semiconductors, Eindhoven, Netherlands) digital communication protocol.  The signals from the sensors were multiplexed using a TCA9548A low-voltage 8-channel I2Cswitch with reset (Texas Instruments, Dallas, Texas, United States) which enabled the use of multiple of the same sensor on the same communication bus. The conductive wire used to connect the various components had 4 cores at 22 gauge and was shielded (Belden, Missouri, United States). All voltage common collector pins of the sensors and the multiplexer were connected in parallel to the computer’s 3.3-volt power output. All direct current grounds were connected in parallel with the ground pin of the computer. Serial Clock (SCL) and Serial Data (SDA) of sensors67are connected to separate channels of the multiplexer. SCL and SDA pins of the multiplexer are connected to the computer’s SCL and SDA pins. A software was written in Python (Python, 3.6, Python Software Foundation, Wilmington, Delaware) to sequentially address sensors via the multiplexer and stored the retrieved information. The sensors’ temperature output was calibrated according to ASTM E2877 − 12e1 (2012) (Standard Guide for Digital Contact Thermometers). A two point calibration as described by (Mahmoudi et al., 2014) was performed on the values obtained for relative humidity. Sensors were subjected to two reference humidity values (32.8 ± 0.2 % at 25 °C and 84.2 ± 0.3 % at 25 °C using saturated salts solutions of MgCl2 (magnesium chloride, pure, ACROS Organics, Geel, Belgium) and KCl (potassium chloride (Crystalline/Certified ACS), Fisher Chemical, New Hampshire, United States) respectively, maintained according to ASTM E104 – 02 (2012) (standard practice for maintaining constant relative humidity by means of aqueous solutions).

# Embodiment
